Write tutorial for testing in Masonry (#835)
linebender/xilem: masonry/src/doc/04_testing_widget.md

</div>

> <!-- Not compleletey confident about this joke. Mighty want to put an expiration date on it. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Not completely confident about this joke. Might want to put an expiration date on it. -->
```
Can you submit `compleletey` to [typos](https://github.com/crate-ci/typos)?

Author: Jesus. How tired was I writing this?

<!-- On the other hand, I'm curious how long it stays relevant. -->
The test harness in Masonry is designed to provide a robust and flexible environment for writing and executing tests for your Rust GUI applications and-

Okay, you know what, ChatGPT isn't great at this doc thing.

> Let's start over.

Reviewer: I'd lean against including this myself, but I won't block on it.

> A week before writing this document's first draft, this author had a chat with a friend, who complained about the difficulties of writing tests for native GUI apps.
> 
> His reasoning went that you could always encapsulate your business logic into pure functions and test their inputs and outputs, but you had no way to write "When I click on this button this widget should appear" into your codebase in a way CI could enforce mechanically.
> 
> This one anecdote aside, wanting to test your UI in a headless setting is something many developers want, hence the proliferations of tools testing tools around the WebDriver standard for web dev.
> Giving similar affordances was a core design goal of Masonry.

Reviewer: I'd consider a much more to-the-point introduction. Something like:
```suggestion
Masonry supports testing your UI in a headless setting, with similar capabilities to testing tools which use the WebDriver standard for web dev.
```
The provided anecdote is equivalent to saying "no other cross-platform GUI library supports testing", which I know to be false. We should be happy for other tools to also allow tests to be written.

Author: Yeah. There's a deeper truth in there, something like "Even when GUI frameworks support testing it's often under-advertised and people don't know about it", but I guess documentation isn't the right place to soapbox about that.

Author: I do like your version. It's concise and to the point.

To demonstrate how testing works in Masonry, let's write a test suite for our `ColorRectangle` widget from two chapters ago.

## Creating the harness

First, let's write a test module with a first unit test:

```rust,ignore
// We place this block at the end of the file where we implemented ColorRectangle
#[cfg(test)]
mod tests {
    use insta::assert_debug_snapshot;

    use super::*;

>     use crate::testing::{widget_ids, TestHarness, TestWidgetExt};

Reviewer: `crate::`?
